Add security policy (#717)
aspnet-contrib/AspNet.Security.OAuth.Providers: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Supported Versions

Only versions of the providers that target versions of ASP.NET Core that are in support by Microsoft are supported by the maintainers.

The .NET Core and ASP.NET Core support policy, including currently supported versions, can be found at the [.NET and .NET Core Support Policy page](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-core).

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Security issues and bugs should be reported privately by emailing CHANGE_ME.

Reviewer: If you don’t mind adding my personal address, we can use contact@kevinchalet.com.

Author: That's fine with me - I just didn't want it to be my own personal email 😄

> Security issues and bugs should be reported privately by emailing CHANGE_ME.

Author: ```suggestion
Security issues and bugs should be reported privately by emailing [contact@kevinchalet.com](mailto:contact@kevinchalet.com).
```
